welcome to aggregate the urge to just
roam the countryside and shoot stuff you
know like torch a local village kill a
tribes person like guy stuff you know
well you are in luck because the latest
Borderlands 2 DLC it lets you do just
that
it's only half as racist as it sounds
the latest Borderlands 2 DLC holds a lot
of promise not only does it start one of
the most underused characters from the
campaign it takes us somewhere entirely
new the foggy swamp light continent of
Agra's where sir hammerlock has invited
you on a hunting trip to help capture
and study the local wildlife of course
by study he means kill and buy a
wildlife he means disgusting creatures
of various size and mutation model from
the tall creepy Drifters to the giant
flying spores that bark electricity on
you any given chance yes
there's myriad new creatures in this
addon and they're not the only thing
you'll be hunting either shortly after
arriving on Agra's you're contacted via
eco cast by Professor Nakayama a madman
who's obsessed with handsome jack and
has taken it upon himself to avenge his
death as the DLCs sold new character his
conflict forms the basis of the main
storyline and finding and killing him
becomes your top priority we came here
to hunt never heard of you but really
professor naake armor right Ariane skirt
poison atlas a senior
that's nice
good for you the story is kept
entertaining thanks to the self-loathing
humour we've come to know and expect
from Borderlands but otherwise Nakayama
feels someone out of place in this dlc
this character is an ultra memorable his
story has little or no relevance to the
rest of the plot and his campaign is
quite a bit shorter than most of the
others in fact the last third or so of
it is spent in the final boss fight only
after which are you even able to meet
Nakayama face-to-face 20 seconds before
the credits roll now anyone who's played
Borderlands knows that character
development is a huge part of the
experience but seriously guys this DLC
is called big-game hunt forget the
centralized villain you have an entire
continent of uncharted territory to play
around with thrown some praying mantises
that hiss really loudly or a lizard that
eats people and then poops them out
don't be afraid to get weird with it
needless to say I wish they would have
either focused on Professor Nakayama
story or just gone all out with a
hunting rather than trying to do both at
the same time
fortunately the main questline is a
small part of the overall addon and
those of you patient enough to stick
around for the later content should be
happy with the roars that is beautiful
the loot payout is as satisfying as ever
and there's plenty of new customization
options
Seraph items and challenges for the
completionist see these totems scattered
around a gross if you fill each and
every one of them with iridium you can
summon a rare creature that drops
special hammerlock themed weapons
they've also added a raid boss and
introduced a new fan boat vehicle which
is basically the same as the sand skip
when captain starlets plc except this
one that can shoot corrosive acid for as
much new stuff as as in this DLC it says
a lot that the most interesting addition
is that of the humans nearly every map
is populated with tribes of savages led
by ultra powerful witch doctors who can
heal and buff their allies while dealing
insane amounts of elemental damage
what's worse is if you don't kill them
quickly if they can keep leveling
they're savages up until they start to
take on animalistic qualities like
running really fast and mulling you in
the face it really forces you to rethink
your strategy especially when
encountering large groups of these guys
which you will I feel like the
environments could have benefited from a
little more personality as well the
tribal theme is a cool idea but once
again the developers seem to have fallen
into this idea that there are only three
colors in the borderlands palette range
would it hurt to stray outside the lines
just a little bit let's see just about
how I feel about this DLC as a whole
which is that for all its ambition and
great ideas and never quite manages to
live up to its potential
the characters are less memorable than
other DLCs the environments are nearly
as interesting or unique and the enemies
though challenging are nothing
spectacular overall there's not one
thing that stands out in this DLC as
being great rather everything is simply
okay if anything sir hammerlock's big
game hunt provides a good Avenue by
which to level up your character and you
get a change of scenery in the process
as long as you don't mind a little
repetitive grinding it might be worth
your time I give it a three out of five
[Music]
so that is my review of the third
Borderlands 2 DLC one point of note this
does take place after the events of the
main campaign so you will have to have
beaten the main campaign and be at least
level 30 in order to play this it's also
worth noting that there is no level cap
raised so if you were eager for that I'm
sorry this is not your DLC this comes
out today it's already out actually it's
$9.99 on xbox ps3 and pc and of course
it's included in the season pass if you
have that already so if you guys have
any other questions that I did not
address in this review it feel free to
leave them in the comments below and I
will try my best to answer them
[Music]